---
ID: 408
post_title: 'Facebook, that data belongs to ME. [COMMENTARY]'
author: Jason L. Gatewood
post_date: 2011-02-08 04:42:00
post_excerpt: ""
layout: post
permalink: >
  http://jlgatewood.com/2011/02/08/facebook-that-data-belongs-to-me-commentary/
published: true
blogger_blog:
  - www.jlgatewood.com
blogger_author:
  - Jason L. Gatewood
blogger_permalink:
  - >
    /feeds/2631850721828837457/posts/default/3685274200574195309
shorturl:
  - Generating...
tmac_last_id:
  - "624406643778953216"
---
That's a strong statement to Facebook, but its true...  The way Facebook is posturing (and has tried to in the past, via its Terms Of Service) they'd have you believe ALL your info, and your friend's info, and friend's friend's info, and friend's friend's fri-- well you get the idea...  All that aggregated info belongs to them in their eyes, and it generates a platinum mine's worth of valuable information everyday that Facebook can sell or take advantage of... Facebook, my data is MY data, and if my friends want to share that data with me, then I can use it how I please, just as you do, right?  Facebook needs to adhere to <a href="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/DataPortability">Data Portability</a> standards in order to work in this new world of  Internet ubiquity.<br /><br />First a little history... Back in 1994 when I first came online as a high school student, there was no real internet, at least not outside of academia, but that changed when the online service Prodigy along with AOL started letting people out of its walled gardens onto the open web using a tool called Netscape.  They also connected their internal messaging systems to a regular SMTP and POP servers...  The world will now forever know what the @ symbol means :)  But still there were the walled garden effects...  AOL became popular, and suddenlty the whole world seemed to be advertising "keyword: whatever" in reference to their presence on AOL...  But I never subscribed to AOL, and I was totally left out of that cycle.  I remember in college, some classmates would be on AOL IM talking about our class projects... I would have to borrow my aunt's login so I could participate.  Eventually the wall came down, AIM became an open instant messaging platform, everyone learned what http:// and www were for...  And even with the next big thing, MySpace, it was born of the net itself, meaning that all content within it could be seen from the outside as long as its users set the permissions up correctly and so on.<br /><br />Now, almost 15 years later, we have 2 big social media games going on...  One is Twitter, and the other is Facebook.  of course there's the other players...  Yahoo, MSN (Bing and Hotmail) and of course the Big G, Google.  They are fighting a war...  and that war is over your data.<br /><br />Let's use me as an example.  It's no secret that I drink the Google Kool-Aid.  I mean, using Google just makes my life easier.  I use Gmail for mail, Gcalendar for PIM, Gmaps for navigation (crucial here in Japan), Google Blogger for light blogging duties, and Google Docs as my office suite since I use 3-4 different PCs on a regular basis along with an iPhone.  I also have 3 different Google Apps domains I administrate for various clients, including my own.  And I use all these services on Google Chrome webrowser...  In fact the only google product I don't use is Android...  Which may change now that the Japan version of the phones running it are actually on the iPhone's playing field...  But we'll see when my contract is up next year (iPhone 5??)<br /><br />I use Google because it's a device, OS, and computing layout agnostic platform. Whether I use Chrome for Linux on my Ubuntu box, Safari on my Mac, or even IE8 on a PC, it works the same. One other reason too:  I spent YEARS building up the data that's housed there...  I have email dating back to 2005, contacts in my address book that I've known for years, several different versions of my resume going back to 2006, and blog posts going back that far as well... So I'd like to know that that data that I've so carefully crafted, is mine ultimately and can be taken with me wherever, and however I want.  If you search this blog (which is self-hosted WordPress driven) you'll find the oldest posts from 2005...  I was able to mass move the whole lot outta Blogger and put it here.  With the other guys (Yahoo, AOL, MSN, et. al.) its the same...  I can keep contacts in sync with each other, in some cases IM across networks (ex. Gtalk → AOL; MSN→Yahoo)...  But with the other 800lb gorilla, Facebook, its like pulling damn nails...<br /><br />Facebook believes that the data that is placed on their network is all theirs.  Well at least they used to.  They've since relented and added a way for you to download all your photos and videos you've placed on the site...  But one thing you can't take with you is your friend's contact information... HUH?!<br /><br />So wait a minute. The people I've friended will let me see their cellphone number and email addresses on the site, but I can't so much as download a .VCF to my PC to put in Address Book.app or push the contact info through the iPhone app...  But you'll sell this info to marketing companies? The iPhone/Android apps even go as far as syncing the contact picture in the address book to that user's current facebook profile pic... but won't add a few more bytes of data to each entry to sync their phone numbers...  But they WILL steal numbers out of your phonebook without expressly telling you first. <br /><br />If you have one of the Facebook apps on your smartphone, then check out your <a href="http://www.facebook.com/friends/edit/?sk=phonebook" target="_blank">phonebook on Facebook</a>...  <br />You'll see lots of entries with just phone numbers and some stranger's pictures next to them... The Facebook app has been collecting these numbers out of your call log and address book!  There's a good reason though; It uses that along with the name and email address to match the contact in your phone to the ones in your friends list.  But it should dispose of these unmatched sets after some time.  I suspect they're keeping this info and using it in some marketing research...