---
ID: 419
post_title: '2011 JLG.j7 StarrWulfe State o&#8217; Errythang Address'
author: Jason L. Gatewood
post_date: 2011-01-03 12:33:00
post_excerpt: ""
layout: post
permalink: >
  http://jlgatewood.com/2011/01/03/2011-jlg-j7-starrwulfe-state-o-errythang-address/
published: true
blogger_blog:
  - www.jlgatewood.com
blogger_author:
  - Jason L. Gatewood
blogger_permalink:
  - >
    /feeds/2631850721828837457/posts/default/1590208284444926284
shorturl:
  - http://J7is.ME/1o
tmac_last_id:
  - "624406648375914497"
---
Hey folks, J7/Starrwulfe/JLG here... Depending on what medium you know me from (Internet/family/parties/professional/passed-out-on-the-first-train) then you probably are reading this because you've liked/followed/dug/subscribed/etc to me.  Thanx for that.  I appreciate y'all for the electronic therapy you provide me...  And for my family and friends in my offline life--It goes without saying that all that I'm able to do is because of the guidance, support, and the love y'all have given me.  Thanx y'all, and peace be unto you.<br /><br />Now I want to give y'all some of my thoughts about the upcoming year.<br /><br />2011 is probably just going to be like any other year in the book...  Here in Japan I guess that means:<br /><ul><br />	<li>cold as hell during January/February. Glad I got a gas heater and 2 electric blankies...</li><br />	<li>March and April will bring Hanami season--My favorite time of the year. Lots of boozing under pink trees for me!</li><br />	<li>May and June... Well it's springtime...  I'm hoping some of my family comes to visit...  I wanna show 'em this place I call home...  Rainy season will hit, and I'll be losing umbrellas all over the place... I'm gonna post a chart and my goal is to lose an umbrella in every ward in the city somehow...</li><br />	<li>July-- Well its baseball season... I plan on FINALLY seeing my Hanshin Tigers play at Koshien this time... It'll coincide with a trip to Kansai somehow.... SOMEHOW...  Also this is the start of my second favorite time in Japan...  HANABI TAIKAI! (fireworks festivals!)</li><br />	<li>August. My birthday month. And also the month where the WHOLE DAMN COUNTRY IS ON VACATION... Meaning getting outta Japan and over to someplace else will be expensive...  I'm hoping to fix that issue though, see below for more info.  Meanwhile its also beach season here.  There's Enoshima in Kanagawa prefecture that I wanna see... Also it'll be cool to head to Kumamoto and see my friend there and catch some surf...</li><br />	<li>September/October... Well the summer is winding down... and fall isn't quite there yet... So I'll just be working... But I'll use this time to plan my winter vacation...  See below on that issue there.</li><br />	<li>November... Again, not much here.  I'm American so the real start to the holiday season is during this time, but nothing happens here... But it's OK--I'm used to not having a real Thanksgiving now...</li><br />	<li>December... Dammit, I am going home.  Sure it's EXPENSIVE AS HELL, but you can't put a price on family...  So I'm gonna plan better.</li><br /></ul><br />OK-- Now for my plans...<br /><ol><br />	<li>MONEY: You gotta have loot if you're gonna make anything in this world happen. Not saying you can buy love, friendship or success; but if you have lots 'o cash, you can make them happen sooner than later!  I'm gonna be honest right now... I never expected to be rich by coming back to Japan. I did however expect for my ends to be met, and they ain't doing that much, without me working 3 jobs...  So in 2011, that $#¡† is coming to an end. I also came to Japan to work in my profession... New Media/Online Multimedia/Journalism.  I have been... *ahem*  Complacent and highly distracted as of late.  My fault... But no more. Time to get my @$$ in gear and do the damn thing.  Sadly, this means I'll have consider an unsolicited move to the greater Kantō area. Tokyo. I've come to the conclusion that's where everything is centered in my field, and in order to work in media or at least get connections, I gotta be there to pound the pavement.  I took a job interview up there recently... I'm hoping it works out. But lately my gut is telling me even if it doesn't pan out, I gotta get up there somehow... Just Go. Hmm.</li><br />	<li>LOVE: Oh hell... SKIP!!! Seriously, not much here... Nothing happened at all...  I went out on a few dates, but it was all "meh." It seems the girls who I am most interested in, are never interested in me, or simply have no time for me-- this part has nothing to do with Japan; it's been going on since I realized girls were hot back in 4th grade... What IS odd though is that here in Nagoya, there's the "poof" phenomenon... Girls here feign interest in you and may even go out on some dates with you. Then without warning, they vanish from your life, as if God himself reached down and picked them off the face of the Earth. I can't say that ever happened to me elsewhere in Japan-- in Osaka, the girls have a reputation for being open-- and very boisterous if you piss 'em off.  In Tokyo, they'll just give you the cold shoulder, but still communicate with you... Or just call you up saying it's over--but they say SOMETHING.  Here? POOF. Enough of that crap. Even if I don't move from Nagoya, it's enough to make me have a Shinkansen relationship. What's that you ask? That's where you date someone in another part of Japan apart from where you live, and you can visit them via the Shinkansen (bullet train) every other weekend or so... So to all the Tokai chicks interested in dating foreign guys-- STOP THAT. We don't like it... I'm also sure Japanese guys don't like it either. Either speak up for yourself, or don't pretend to like me.  Either one... But don't go POOF!</li><br />	<li>HEALTH: I hate gyms.  Period. I hate being in a room and being made to exersise in front of people I don't know.  I hated P.E. all thorough school for this reason-- unless we played some game.  What I do like, is OUTSIDE. So in 2011, I'm going to visit more parks and more forests, and more places where I can HIKE and CAMP. I also bought a new bike, so I'll be riding that all over the place too-- I actually commute exclusively on it now during the week... Even in the cold y'all.</li><br />	<li>LEARNING: AJATT.  This stands for All Japanese All The Time. Some of y'all think my Japanese is good... Not to me.  It's CRAPPY in my opinion. 2011 will see me hitting the books in earnest, and studying Japanese the way I did in school; watching TV, reading manga and newspapers, listening to music, and FORCING my friends to speak it with me. I'm also re-instating my rule of 2 ONLY JAPANESE days at my house. If you can't speak Japanese on those days, then don't come over... or do come by and be either amazed or frustrated or pissed...  This is what worked for me in the past, and I gotta do it again if I'm gonna come up some levels...  But it ain't just Japanese that needs learnin'. I gotta work on my websites and media and work on my wordpress/video editing/audio mastering/IT coding skills... So MORE POSTING, MORE OFTEN. YAY. I'm also gonna be redoing my media on the sites and build myself into a BRAND. That's a secret, but you'll know when it happens...</li><br /></ol><br />OK. So now I wanna hear from you... What do you think of my plan? Should I add/subtract/change something?  And what about you? Do you have your own plan for 2011? What are you gonna do different and what are ya gonna keep the same?  Let me know fam!<br /><br />Thanks for reading and HAPPY NEW YEAR.  Remember, EVERYONE deserves a clean slate sometimes so let's make the new year that time...<br /><br />Love and Peace from me to you.<br /><br />Regards,<br /><br />JLG.j7/StarrWulfe